Docs/update readme (#165)
DivanteLtd/shopware-pwa: README.md

# Shopware PWA

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/DivanteLtd/shopware-pwa.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/DivanteLtd/shopware-pwa) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/DivanteLtd/shopware-pwa/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/DivanteLtd/shopware-pwa) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/DivanteLtd/shopware-pwa.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

>:warning:**This repository is not ready for external contributions**   

## Getting started

### Documentation

> See [the documentation](https://deploy-preview-132--goofy-meninsky-b11fca.netlify.com/#definition-of-done) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the documentation](https://deploy-preview-132--goofy-meninsky-b11fca.netlify.com/#introduction-to-shopware-pwa) to get started.
```
